# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?

I was pretty excited for getting a ducky for the first project, that was the highlight of my week.

I usually pick up on things quickly and easily and don't have to work very hard. This bootcamp is an exception. The first week I didn't put much effort into studying outside of class. The second week, this assumption has bitten me in the ass. 

I'm struggling with interpersonal relationships. I've worked remotely for the past year and being in a classroom with 20 other people has been a large source of anxiety. I also am not used to an industry that is male dominated, so I feel extra pressure to have to prove myself. That combined with just general insecurity makes this bootcamp an emotional roller coaster for me. 

I guess, I'm starting to trust the instructors more. At home I have a support structure, at campus, I don't feel like I have that yet, and tend to feel isolated (probably my own doing). I'm hoping that this gets better over time.